# Week3_session1
<details>
<summary>Learnings</summary>
 In this session we discussed more about the chipcron tool and the basic outline of the RISC-V based IoT project that we are 
 going to implement using RISC-V GNU tool chain and chipcrone tool generated hardware. Various steps of the project are as 
 follows - 
 
 1. Choose the IoT project you want to implement, it should be an embedded application one limitation is that the project can 
    not have a wireless interface, as the chipcron tool doesn't support it yet.
 2. Draw a block diagram of the project design.
 3.  Create a flowchart for the application.
 4. Write  the C program for this application. C program will not use any libarary files , instead we will be writing inline assembly code to access the GPIO regsiter (RISC-V reg X30) . The bits of this register will be connected to GPIO pins of the SOC generated by the chipcrone tool. These GPIO pins will be used by the I/O devices to send input and receive outpiut from the RISC-V core. Before writing the C program it's  important is to decide the correct mapping of the GPIO register to pin mapping. Some of the register bits can be used for meta data as we dont't have extra Control and status registers in the SoC created by the Chipcron tool.
 5. The C program should be compiled and tested on both gcc and RISC-V GNU toolchain (32 bit compiler) as the ISA supported by the RISC-V core generated by the chipcron tool only supports RV32I.
 6. Next step is to identify the values of the configuration parameters for chipcron tool. Once it is  
   

</details>
<details> <summary> Assignment </summary>
This weeks assignment is 
 
 1. Choose a RISC-V IoT Application.
 2. Design your your own IO Mapping according to your application
 3. Properly document it in GitHub

</details>
<details> 
  <summary> My IoT project </summary>
     Motion sensitive under the cabinet LED light for kitchen or bathroom cabinets. This motion sensitive light has 2 input buttons- 
     
 1. First button controls following functionality
     
  
</details>
